Add documentation for testing Automation with arguments (#132)
wso2/docs-devant: en/docs/quick-start-guides/schedule-your-first-automation.md

3. Add an appropriate commit message and commit.
4. Click **Sync Changes** to push the changes to remote.

> ## Optional: Test the Automation manually

Reviewer: only the level 1 headings should be in title case, convert all others to sentence case.

> You can test your automation directly from the **Development** card on the **Overview** page:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can execute your automation directly from the environment card on the **Overview** page:
```
